This is really a good place to practice
What are you talking about, son?
It's nothing, I said it's really suitable for retirement
Yes, son.
Why is your friend so nice?
He is willing to lend you such a good villa
Wait for time
Invite this friend to have dinner with us
Yeah, yeah.
It turned out to be borrowed.
I thought it was his
Hmm, I asked a friend.
This villa is not surnamed Xu
Looks like the guy you borrowed to act tough
Saved that it was inappropriate to let go
Are you going to eat on him for the rest of your life?
He even borrowed the villa to act tough hahahaha
Even if I borrowed this villa
You are stronger than you
If you have the ability, come in.